Enterprise 'influxd-ctl' CLI restructure (#5166)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/enterprise_influxdb/v1/tools/influxd-ctl/join.md

influxd-ctl join cluster-meta-node-02:8091
```

###### Command output

```txt
Joining meta node at cluster-meta-node-02:8091
Searching for meta node on cluster-node-03:8091...
Searching for data node on cluster-node-03:8088...

Successfully joined cluster

  * Added meta node 3 at cluster-node-03:8091
  * Added data node 4 at cluster-node-03:8088
```

### Join a meta node to an existing cluster

In the following example, `influxd-ctl join` detects a meta node process running
at `cluster-meta-node-03:8091`, but does not detect a data node process.
It uses the meta node running at `cluster-meta-node-02:8091` in an _existing_
cluster to join the newly detected meta node to the cluster.

```bash
influxd-ctl join cluster-meta-node-02:8091
```

###### Command output

```txt
Joining meta node at cluster-meta-node-02:8091
Searching for meta node on cluster-meta-node-03:8091...
Searching for data node on cluster-meta-node-03:8088...

Successfully joined cluster

  * Added meta node 18 at cluster-meta-node-03:8091
  * No data node added.  Run with -v to see more information
```

## Troubleshoot influxd-ctl join

Common problems when attempting to join nodes to InfluxDB Enterprise clusters:

> - The `influxd` or `influxd-meta` processes are using a non-standard ports
>   (8088, 8091) and can't be detected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `influxd` or `influxd-meta` processes are using non-standard ports
  (for example: 8088, 8091) and can't be detected.
```
